Hi! Can’t wait to meet you and we are looking forward to having you stay in our hostel home :)!

Here’s a guide that will help you with your stay.

ADDRESS: 35 Beideman St, San Francisco CA 94115

TO GET IN THE HOUSE: Let yourself in.
You will find a big black padlock hanging from the door. House keys are inside of the padlock.  The PADLOCK CODE: 0415. Pull down from the top and it will open.
Please LOCK THE DOOR both after you enter and exit the house. This keeps us and our things secure.  NOTE: The attached key does work. Pull it out and wiggle it a bit. It’s a copy of a copy as we go through a lot of keys here, but I promise it does work!

CHECKING IN:
Please try to check-in between 11AM and 9PM! (This is so other guests have time to check out if they sleep late and so we don’t keep other guests up too late.) Please try to arrange your arrival so that this is possible, however if you cannot please be sure to read your check in instructions carefully as we may be sleeping upon arrival and not able to help.  If beds are still occupied, feel free to leave your things here until a bed is open.

BEDS: Beds are numbered. If you have any issues that keeps you from sleeping in a certain bed, let us know and we will work it out.  Both rooms are mixed male/female/gender.
There are two guests rooms. One just at the top of the stairs and one just past it on the left.

Beds without sheets are unoccupied. You’ll know because it will have just a pillow, blanket, and mattress protector. Pick up your sheets, pillow cases, and towels on the shelf outside the bathroom. Please make your bed with the provided top sheet, bottom sheet, and pillowcase. (And then please strip it and fold the blanket before you leave so it’s ready for the next person.)

HUNGRY? THIRSTY?:  Free snacks, coffee, and tea can be found on the counter. Help yourself to those snacks and please be respectful of other people’s food in the fridge or cupboard. Store food in the fridge or cupboard next to the fridge and please label it with your name and departure date so it’s easier to track.

BATHROOM: 10 guests for 1 bathroom. It usually goes smoother than guests expect. We really appreciate if you can be as fast in the bathroom as possible that way no one gets stressed  The bathroom is sometimes in constant use during the hours of 7am-10am so plan accordingly.  Please take quick 5 minute showers, dress and take care of other needs quickly, and then be out for the next person.Please knock if you are in urgent need! We have mirrors outside for makeup and grooming purposes.

KITCHEN USE: Clean up messes, rinse dishes and put in dish washer, OR hand wash and let dry on the counter.

WIFI: Network info and password on the wall to the right when you enter the living room.

LAUNDRY: Available from 9am-10pm.  We provide detergent. Feel free to ask for assistance!

SMOKING: Please go to the park around the corner to be respectful of our neighbors in terms of noise and smell.

YOUR BELONGINGS: There’s floor space and closet space/shelf space available depending on the room. For those concerned about electronics and such we suggest you keep them tucked away and zipped up when you are out. Thus far we have had no issues with this. We do not have lockers.

CHECKING OUT: Strip your bed of its sheets and pillowcase and put them in the hamper next to the bathroom.  Please check out before 4pm. If you have an evening flight, please let your host know that you are asking for a late check out but we cannot accommodate departures later than 9pm. If you do checkout late, please strip your bedsheets and close up your luggage and place it out of the way so that the next guest can come in during the day to claim their bed.

LEAVE YOUR KEY in the lockbox. $4 charge for keys.

PARKING: There is street parking available, but read the street signs to make sure you don't get a ticket for breaking permit restrictions and street cleaning days. You can park on my street overnight (after 6pm until 10am) but during the day there is a 2 hour time limit. There are nearby streets that don't have permit restrictions as well, just a short walk from my house (Eddy St at the intersection of Scott St). Also, you'll want to be sure you don't leave anything at all in your car overnight- unfortunately car break-ins are very common in SF no matter what part of the city you are in, and having any seemingly innocuous item in the car can pose a risk.  We recommend parking on Eddy St during the day and in front of the house overnight.

Any more questions?. Feel free to call or send a text. Or message us questions here, of course.

HANA: 856-904-3447

Have fun! make friends! :) Get to know your fellow guests, share a meal, an adventure, a story, and a memory. You won’t regret it!

 Hana
